[Doc] Switch K8S examples to default MP mode (#39400)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/deployment/frameworks/lws.md

## Prerequisites

- At least two Kubernetes nodes, each with 8 GPUs, are required.
- Install LWS by following the instructions found [here](https://lws.sigs.k8s.io/docs/installation/).

## Deploy and Serve

> Deploy the following yaml file `lws.yaml` (MP Mode as default, Ray Mode is supported as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the following yaml file `lws.yaml` (we have examples that use multiprocessing or Ray):
```

> ??? code "Yaml"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? code "lws.yaml"
```

>     === "Multi-Processing Mode (default)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    === "Multiprocessing (default)"
```

                    resources:
                      limits:
                        nvidia.com/gpu: "8"
                        memory: 1124Gi
                        ephemeral-storage: 800Gi
                      requests:
                        ephemeral-storage: 800Gi
                        cpu: 125
                    env:
                      - name: HF_TOKEN
                        value: <your-hf-token>
                    volumeMounts:
                      - mountPath: /dev/shm
                        name: dshm
                volumes:
                - name: dshm
                  emptyDir:
                    medium: Memory
                    sizeLimit: 15Gi
        ---
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: Service
        metadata:
          name: vllm-leader
        spec:
          ports:
            - name: http
              port: 8080
              protocol: TCP
              targetPort: 8080
          selector:
            leaderworkerset.sigs.k8s.io/name: vllm
            role: leader
          type: ClusterIP
        ```

>     === "Ray Mode"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    === "Ray"
```

                command:
                  - sh
                  - -c
                  - "vllm serve meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-405B-Instruct --tensor-parallel-size 8 --pipeline-parallel-size $(LWS_GROUP_SIZE) --nnodes $(LWS_GROUP_SIZE) --node-rank $(LWS_WORKER_INDEX) --master-addr $(LWS_LEADER_ADDRESS) --port 8080"
                  #--distributed-executor-backend mp  as default
                  # Below are previous commands using Ray as distributed-executor-backend
                  # "bash /vllm-workspace/examples/online_serving/multi-node-serving.sh leader --ray_cluster_size=$(LWS_GROUP_SIZE);
                  #  vllm serve meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-405B-Instruct --port 8080 \

>                   #  --tensor-parallel-size 8 --pipeline-parallel-size 2 --distributed-executor-backend ray"

Reviewer: Instead of including these as a comment could you use https://facelessuser.github.io/pymdown-extensions/extensions/tabbed/ syntax inside the `??? code "Yaml"` admonition so that we can provide both:

````md
??? code "Yaml"
    === "Multiprocessing"
        ```yaml
        ...
        ```
    === "Ray"
        ```yaml
        ...
        ```
````

Author: good point, already do it .
<img width="940" height="782" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1cf515ea-5cac-4b7d-904c-206733a83742" />
<img width="968" height="830" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3d18bf0e-7353-4a4e-ba1f-5e2605c74a92" />
<img width="1070" height="668" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9166c50c-3d1e-438b-af5d-c9d5b4d0cdcc" />

Verify that the distributed tensor-parallel inference works:

```bash
kubectl logs vllm-0 |grep -i "Loading model weights took" 
kubectl logs vllm-0 |grep -i "Loading model weights took"
```

Should get something similar to this:

```text
INFO 05-08 03:20:24 model_runner.py:173] Loading model weights took 0.1189 GB

> (RayWorkerWrapper pid=169, ip=10.20.0.197) INFO 05-08 03:20:28 model_runner.py:173] Loading model weights took 0.1189 GB

Reviewer: This was the important line. Is there an equivalent for MP?

Author: sure, fixed , in MP mode, the log can be retrieved from both pods

Verify that the distributed tensor-parallel inference works:

> === "MP (default)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Multiprocessing (default)"
```
